간편한 토큰 발행을 돕고자 이더리움 생태계에는 *토큰 표준*, 상속하여 오버라이딩하면 되는 *토큰 컨트랙트* 등이 제공된다.

## ERC

Every development project improves overtime and Ethereum is no exception. Similar to Bitcoin Improvement Proposals (BIPs), Ethereum has Ethereum Improvement Proposals (EIPs). Ethereum Improvement Proposals ([EIPs](https://eips.ethereum.org/)) describe standards for the Ethereum platform, including core protocol specifications, client APIs, and contract standards.

Included under EIPs are ERCs, Ethereum Requests for Comments (a full list can be found [here](https://eips.ethereum.org/erc)). Some common ERCs resulted interfaces developers can use to create token. For example,

- [ERC-20](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20) - A standard interface for fungible tokens.
- [ERC-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) - A standard interface for non-fungible tokens, also known as deeds.

### Difference between Fungible and Non-Fungible Tokens

Now you might be wondering, what is the difference between fungible and non-fungible?

> Fungi: 곰팡이

#### Fungible Token

A Fungible Token is a token, where all tokens are exactly the same.

- They have the same value.
- For example, any 1 dollar bill is equal to another 1 dollar bill.
- All the widely used ERC-20 tokens are fungible tokens.
- 해당 토큰 컨트랙트 내의 토큰들이 서로 동등한 가치를 가진다

#### Non-Fungible Token

A Non-Fungible Token is a special type of cryptographic token which represents something unique.

- Non-Fungible tokens are not interchangeable, because they all have a different value.
- For example, if we represented real estate parcels in tokens, not all parcels would be equal in value, hence all these tokens will also not be equal in value.
- ERC-721 is a non-fungible token standard.
- The famous CryptoKitties Token is an ERC-721 non-fungible token.
- 개별 토큰이 고유하다

### Different Available Token Standards

In addition to ERC-20 and ERC-721, a number of other token standards have been created. A full list of ERCs can be found here.

- ERC-20
- ERC-223
- ERC-621
- ERC-721
- ERC-827
