On top of documentation curated by companies in the blockchain space, there is a ton of amazing research happening in this field. Often times, some of the most cutting edge information can be found in these research papers.

While it can be dense, it's extremely valuable to be able to read through this information and understand the different topics they present. In this section, we'll go over 3 of these papers that are often referenced in discussions on blockchain security.

---

스마트 컨트랙트의 알려진 취약점을 이해하기 위한 수많은 백서들이 존재. 이 중에서 일부를 언급한다. 대부분의 경우 내용의 깊이가 있지만, 최대한 명료하고 간결하게 주제를 설명하는 편이다.

또한, 각 백서가 하나의 완결된 형태를 보이므로, 외부의 다른 글을 읽지 않아도 이해할 수 있도록 자세하고 풍부한 설명을 제공한다.

- [A Survey of Attacks on Ethereum Smart Contracts](https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/1007.pdf)
  - Introduction
  - Background on Ethereum Smart Contracts
  - A taxonomy of vulnerabilities in smart contracts
    - Call to the unknown
    - Exception Disorder
    - Gasless send
    - Type casts
    - Re-entrancy
    - Keeping secrets
    - Immutable bugs
    - Ether lost in transfer
    - Stack size limit
    - Unpredictable state
    - Generating randomness
    - Time constraints
  - Attacks
    - The DAO Attack
    - King of the Ether Throne
    - Multiplayer Games
    - Rubixi
    - GovernMental
    - Dynamic Libraries
  - Discussion
  - References
- [Ethereum Smart Contracts: Security Vulnerabilities and Security Tools](https://brage.bibsys.no/xmlui/bitstream/handle/11250/2479191/18400_FULLTEXT.pdf?sequence=1)
  - 3.1.3 Vulnerabilities Explained
    - Reentrancy
    - Tx.origin
    - Callstack depth
    - Timestamp dependence
    - Transaction-ordering dependence
    - Unchecked-send bug
    - Blockhash usage
    - Gasless send
  - 3.2 Smart Contract Attacks and Incidents
    - The DAO
    - King of the Ether Throne
    - Governmental
    - EtherPot
    - SmartBillions
    - TheRun
- [Making Smart Contracts Smarter](https://eprint.iacr.org/2016/633.pdf)
  - Introduction
  - Background
  - Security Bugs in Contracs
    - Transaction Ordering Dependence
    - Timestamp Dependence
    - Mishandled Exceptions
    - Reentrancy Vulnerability
