## Project 1: Managing your Blockchain Identity
The goal of all this was to give you a solid foundation in blockchain concepts. We also wanted to help prepare you to complete the first project, where you'll start to manage your own blockchain identity. This is a great way to get started with blockchain concepts, and can help you understand how these concepts translate to real world transactions on the blockchain.

We really hope you've enjoyed the program so far and can wait to receive your first project. If you'd like, take some time to review the material, and when you're ready feel free to jump in and start the first project!

## 01 Project Introduction

### Project Introduction
You are starting your journey as a Blockchain Developer. This project allows you to demonstrate that you are familiarized with the fundamental concepts of a Blockchain platform. Concepts like:

- Block
- Blockchain
- Wallet
- Blockchain Identity
- Proof of Existence
- Digital Assets
Are some of the most important components in the Blockchain Framework that you will need to describe and also, why not? Implement too.

In this project you will have a boilerplate code with a REST Api already setup to expose some of the functionalities you will implement in your private blockchain.

### What problem will you solve implementing this private Blockchain application?
Your employer is trying to make a proof of concept on how a Blockchain application can be implemented in his company.

He is an astronomy fan and because of that he spends most of his free time searching stars in the sky, that's why he wants to create a test application that allows him and his friends to register stars, and track the ownership of each.

### What steps are needed to implement your employers application?
1. The application will create a Genesis Block when we run the application.
2. The user will request the application to send a message to be signed using a Wallet and in this way verify the ownership over the wallet address. The message format will be:

`<WALLET_ADRESS>:${new Date().getTime().toString().slice(0,-3)}:starRegistry;`

3. Once the user has the message they can use a Wallet (Electrum or Bitcoin Core for example) to sign the message.
4. The user will try to submit the Star object for that. The submission will consist of: wallet address, message, signature and the star object with the star information. The Start information will be formed in this format:
```json
   "star": {
       "dec": "68° 52' 56.9",
       "ra": "16h 29m 1.0s",
       "story": "Testing the story 4"
   }
 ```
5. The application will verify if the time elapsed from the request ownership (the time is contained in the message) and the time when you submit the star is less than 5 minutes.
6. If everything is okay the star information will be stored in the block and added to the chain encoding the Star information.
7. The application will allow us to retrieve the Star objects belong to an owner (wallet address). This information should be human readable so it shouldn't be encoded.
