## Part 2: Write smart contracts
In order to create your supply chain DApp, you will need to properly manage user permissions and track a product’s authenticity.

The smart contract(s) you you build should have these requirements:

- Requirement 1:	Define and implement interfaces
- Requirement 2:	Build out AccessControl Contracts
- Requirement 3:	Build out Base Contract
- Requirement 4:	Build out Core Contract

### Requirement 1: Define and implement required interfaces
First, download the provided starter code and review all the files. Add in any interfaces you use.

> [Download Starter Code](https://github.com/udacity/nd1309-Project-6b-Example-Template)

The starter code contains a skeleton for the smart contracts, test file, and migration files you will need to build out. Since there will be quite a bit of specialized logic, the code is split into smaller contracts that bundle related code together. The subcontract inheritance looks like this:

```solidity
contract AccessControl
contract Base is AccessControl
contract Core is Base
```

- AccessControl - Collection of Contracts: These contracts manages the various addresses and constraints for operations that can be executed only by specific roles.
- Base - SupplyChain.sol: This is where we define the most fundamental code shared throughout the core functionality. This includes our main data storage, constants and data types, plus internal functions for managing these items.
- Core - Ownable.sol: is the contract that controls ownership and transfer of ownership.

### Requirement 2: Build out AccessControl Contracts
From the Starter Code, the files in coffeeaccesscontrol controls access control for each actor.

Build out these contracts so that each actor’s role in your supply chain is distinct with no overlap in their access abilities. The abilities listed for each role are exhaustive.

Example of 4 actors in a coffee supply chain are:

- Farmer: The Farmer can harvest coffee beans, process coffee beans, pack coffee palettes, add coffee palettes, ship coffee palettes, and track authenticity.
- Distributor: The Distributor can buy coffee palettes and track authenticity.
- Retailer: The Retailer can receive coffee palettes and track authenticity.
- Consumer: The consumer can buy coffee palettes and track authenticity.

### Requirement 3: Build out Base Contract
From the Starter Code, SupplyChain.sol contract holds all common structs, events and base variables.

This smart contract must implement functions that track:

- Product ID
- Product UPC
- Origination Information
- Origin Actor (e.g. Farmer ID, Farmer Name, )
- Misc. organization information (e.g. Farmer Information)
- Longitude and Latitude of Origin Coordinates (e.g. Farm’s Longitude and Latitude)
- Product notes
- Product price

### Requirement 4: Build out Core Contract
`Ownable.sol` is the contract that controls ownership and transfer of ownership.

This Core Contract must implement:

- Ownable - Define an owner for all the contracts.
- Secondary - Allows contract to be transferred owners.

This has been provided in the starter code.
